{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red63\green63\blue63;\red249\green249\blue249;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c31373\c31373\c31373;\cssrgb\c98039\c98039\c98039;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww23260\viewh15680\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 Calculate the N-th Fibonacci number:\

\f1\b0 The program calculates the N-th fibonacci number by PHP. PHPUnit is used for testing the program.\
\

\f0\b Requirements:\

\f1\b0 1. PHP 7 and above\
\

\f0\b Installation and usage guide:\

\f1\b0 \
1. The main folder \'93fibonacci_calculator\'94 should be put in the server root. This folder consists of 3 subfolders. \'93app\'94 folder contains problem solution code, \'93test\'94 folder contains the code to test the program and \'93vendor\'94 folder comes with PHPunit installation. \'93app\'94 folder consists two php files. \
\
2. Filename: \'93Fibonacciclass.php\'94 contains the given interface and the class implemented the interface and code to calculate the N-th fibonacci number. \
\
3. Filename: \'93calculate_fibonacci_number.php\'94 is the endpoint, to which the REST api should call\
\
4. Endpoint receives the \'93number\'94 as parameter. \'93number\'94 is the parameter which fibonacci number should be calculated. Endpoint URL would look like, for example: 
\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
http://localhost:8887/fibonacci_calculator/app/calculate_fibonacci_number.php?number=3
\fs30 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
5. PHPUnit is installed for testing. \'93tests\'94 folder contains the test class named \'93CalculatorTest\'94 where function \'93testFindBthNumber\'94 is responsible to test the code.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Thoughts about solving the problem:\

\f1\b0 To calculate N-th fibonacci number it\'92s important to get the preceding fibonacci numbers specially, sum of the two preceding fibonacci numbers. That was the main focus while solving the problem. The function \'93getNumber()\'94 in class \'93FibonacciClass\'94 is responsible to calculate the sum of fibonacci numbers from \'930\'94. \'93$num1\'94 and \'93$num2\'94 are initial two numbers with 0,1 and after the sum they replaces their values with the previous value of \'93$num2\'94 and \'93$sum\'94 gradually. This process goes until the \'93$counter\'94 reaches to the N-th position. By this way, the program is able to get the N-th Fibonacci number.\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 \
Thank You\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0 \cf0 \
\

\f0\b \
 
\f1\b0 \
}